I love me so much because meat is my
life and I don't understand vegetarians
because me to survive no we're gonna
start with this hand here darlin to get
your nails done a lot so darlin your
name MC yeah lots of nicknames with you
though so in this new in this new team
you're you're the only one they've got
are you going to look to recruit any
more players mode if any organizations
going do you want to recruit more people
how big is it going to get what would
you happen to gsl titles do you reckon
you're gonna have another one coming up
soon
that's kissing right when do you open
your next big big two championship title
is gonna be sir yes sir yeah that's the
one that you're gonna gonna take home
amazing and your last big win was 2014
against MMA yeah 24 win in those just
Europe yeah yeah but I won the one time
yeah and do you think do you think that
your next big championship win is in the
mix for you what do you think coming up
soon yeah now this Miami Bay rumor but i
thought i'd ask you did you buy your
mama house is that what you did you and
at new boy your mama house is that
because when you were growing up shoe
Assad you spent too much time playing
computer games not too much on Terry am
would you get done I'm left yeah we sue
before and after